chore: docs and changeset for #11732 (#11974)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/25-build-and-deploy/60-adapter-cloudflare.md

To deploy to [Cloudflare Pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/), use [`adapter-cloudflare`](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/tree/main/packages/adapter-cloudflare).

> This adapter will be installed by default when you use [`adapter-auto`](adapter-auto). If you plan on staying with Cloudflare Pages, you can switch from [`adapter-auto`](adapter-auto) to using this adapter directly so that Cloudflare Workers specific values will be emulated during local development, type declarations will be automatically applied, and you can set Cloudflare-specific options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adapter will be installed by default when you use [`adapter-auto`](adapter-auto). If you plan on staying with Cloudflare Pages, you can switch from [`adapter-auto`](adapter-auto) to using this adapter directly so that values specific to Cloudflare Workers are emulated during local development, type declarations are automatically applied, and the ability to set Cloudflare-specific options is provided.
```

- **Build command** – `npm run build` or `vite build`
- **Build output directory** – `.svelte-kit/cloudflare`

## Runtime APIs

> The [`env`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/fetch-event#parameters) object contains your project's [bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions/bindings/), which consist of KV/DO namespaces, etc. It is passed to SvelteKit via the `platform` property, along with [`context`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/handlers/fetch/#contextwaituntil), [`caches`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/cache/), and [`cf`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/request/#the-cf-property-requestinitcfproperties), meaning that you can access it in hooks and endpoints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`env`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/fetch-event#parameters) object contains your project's [bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/platform/functions/bindings/), which consist of KV/DO namespaces, etc. It is passed to SvelteKit via the `platform` property. As of version 4.2.0 of the adapter, [`context`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/handlers/fetch/#contextwaituntil), [`caches`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/cache/), and [`cf`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/request/#the-cf-property-requestinitcfproperties) are also passed, meaning that you can access them in hooks and endpoints:
```

Author: These values were already available before the emulate PR although I’d have to check which version exactly they were added. `cf` was the most recent one added last year.
